Router-link
this is a link that we use instead of the anchor tag
Using router links is better because it does not send a new request to the server.
It consists of a "to=" which we use to actually isert the link
It is always best to data bind our "to" tag, we data bind it to the name of the component that we wrote in the index.js
We use this because we might end up changing the name of the file, but we most likely would not be changing that of the "name"


Folder structure
 Create a folder for similar files, or filess that use the same data, and put them in the same folder.
 This method makes youer foldef=r structure way more organized.

Route Prameter
This is the path that leads to a specific/dynamic ID
It is written with a column before it, just after the last slash
i.e ../jobs/jobber/:id
We can access the route parameter in the component by saying;
$route.params.whatever our id is -> The Id here is the one that we put in the index.js file for the path.
It's best to define the route parameter in the data object, so we can just call it using the defined name. Check code for examples
Rather than Create the route parameter in the data object, we could just define it in the needed component, and pass it in as a prop in the secondary component.
Check jobs and jobdetails for this.
We defined the prop in the jobs component using;
params: {id: job.id}. It is nested in the router-link
Then in the index.js we set props to true so it will work. It won't work otherwwise.


Redirects and 404
In other to redirect, we set the path to the former path, then we set the redirect, to the new path. 
Check index.js for proof
To set a 404 error, we will create a new component to be displayed when they click on link that is not in a ny route
we do this by setting the path to '/:catchAll(.*)'
This would fire the error page whenever we click on a link that is nonexistent 

Programmatic Navigation
We can use the this.$router.go(number of pages)
number of pages could be positive or negative. 1 takes it forward by a page. -1 takes it back
To redirect to a whole new page, we hace to use an object.
this.router.push ({name: componentName defined in the index.js})
Check the App.vue for more details.